3.3 release notes (#1263)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ibexa_dxp_v3.3.md

# Ibexa DXP v3.3

**Version number**: v3.3

**Release date**: January 18, 2021

**Release type**: Long Term Support

## Notable changes

### New Personalization UI

This release brings a completely reconstructed user interface of the Personalization feature.

![Personalization dashboard](img/3.3_perso_ui.png "Personalization dashboard")

### Symfony Flex

Ibexa DXP is now installed using [Symfony Flex](https://symfony.com/doc/current/quick_tour/flex_recipes.html).

See [the updated installation instruction](../geting_started_install_ez_platform.md) for a new guide to installing the product.

### Image Editor

> With the Image Editor, users can now perform basic image editing, such as cropping, flipping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Image Editor, users can now perform basic operations, such as cropping or flipping an image,
```

or setting a point of focus. 
The Image Editor is available when browsing the Media library, or creating or editing Content items 
that contain an `ezimage` or `ezimageasset` Field.

You can modify the Image Editor's default settings to change its appearance or behavior.
For more information, see [Configuring the Image Editor](../guide/image_editor.md).

### Migration bundle

> The new [migration bundle](../guide/data_migration.md) enables you to export and import your Repository data using YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [migration bundle](../guide/data_migration.md) enables you to export and import your Repository data by using YAML files.
```
